What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite band?
Who is your favorite singer?
What high school did you attend?
What college did you attend?
What is your favorite instrument?
What is your favorite video game?
How many pets do you have?
Who is your favorite actor?
Who is your favorite director?
Who is your favorite author?
What is your favorite book?
Are you a morning lark or a night owl?
What is your favorite song?
What is your favorite album?
Who is your favorite artist?
What is your favorite genre of music?
What is your favorite genre of literature?
Where is your favorite place to vacation?
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite candy?
What is the meaning of life for butterflies?
What is your favorite type of video game?
Do you have a boyfriend/girlfriend?
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
What is the meaning of life?
What is your favorite TV show?
What is your favorite movie?
What is your favorite beverage?
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck, if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
How far could Chuck Norris chuck Norris, if Chuck Norris could chuck Norris?
What is your favorite planet?
Who is your favorite Greek/Roman god?
Who is your favorite Norse god?
Who is your favorite Egyptian god?
Who is your favorite Hindu god?
Who is your favorite Shinto god?
Who is your favorite Ancient One?
Who is your favorite Daedra?
Where are you from?
What is one place in your country that you would like to visit?
What is one place outside of your country that you would like to visit?
If you won a million dollars, what would you do with it?
What would you want most if you were stranded on a desert island?
Who would you want most if you were stranded on a desert island?
Who is your favorite musician?
What is your favorite painting?
What is your favorite sculpture?
Do you like honey?
What is your favorite recreational activity?
Who was your first kiss?
How old were you when you had your first kiss?
What age did you lose your virginity?
What is your favorite holiday?
Do you have any siblings?
What is your favorite vacation spot?
What is your favorite school subject?
Are you a part of the mile high club?
Do you want to be apart of the mile high club?
Have you ever had sex in a car?
What is your dream car?
Do you want kids?
How many kids do you want to have?
Are you a male or female?
Do you like forehead kisses?
How long is your hair?
What is your favorite season?
Do you like spicey food?
What is your favorite cartoon movie?
What is your favorite Disney movie?